this man just woke up and was about to
watch the television but it lost the
signal
the siren rang from the outside he
opened the window and was shocked
the group of people ran scattered the
helicopter crashed into the building
his girlfriend was also not by frantic
passers-by
he was scared but did not know what to
do a neighbor burst in
there was a bite on his neck he broke
into the toilet painfully
aiden realized something terrible he
immediately took the knife to protect
himself
at this time tv reported that there was
a virus spreading rapidly
infected people would bleed their eyes
turned into zombies
when the neighbor got out of the toilet
he began to change
aiden grabbed his knife and kicked him
out of the house the scene outside was
extremely
gore aiden was terrified he tried to
contact his relatives but was unable to
he only received text messages that told
him to live well and take care of
himself
half a month later the whole city lost
electricity and water
he also ran out of food but there was
smoke and fire everywhere outside
a corpse had entered his house from the
ceiling avian swung it down with his
cane
then blocked the hole with a surfboard
in desperation
he received a call from his parents the
younger sister had run to a safe haven
but his parents were trapped
they told him to contact his sister
suddenly the line was disconnected
his parents must have met the zombies
aiden laid on the sofa
he was deeply hurt one morning when he
woke up
he was desperate and about to commit
suicide but then
he saw a blonde girl through the window
since the disaster happened
this was the first normal person he had
seen while agitated
the chair fell down luckily he fell on
the floor
he rushed over to the window the woman
made him more hopeful
the girl eva also discovered aiden she
lived alone
when they talked together suddenly
something happened in eva's house
she hastily pulled the curtain they made
an appointment to continue talking
tomorrow
at night aiden grabbed all the equipment
that could contain water to collect
rainwater
he stood by the balcony to shower
the next day he didn't have to look at
eva through the doorway anymore
he used the rope to send eva some things
suddenly
a zombie climbed into eva's apartment
aidan picked up a lot of items to throw
on the zombie to attract its attention
the zombies on the balcony smashed the
glass with its head
aiden picked up his baseball bat and
smashed them to death
after experiencing the feeling of
victory he came up with an intention
he planned to meet eva and the first
thing was to find household appliances
he took the key of a dead neighbor after
entering the house
aiden found a girl in bed who has died
for a long time
he was looking for things brought the
food into his backpack
he found a coil under the bed when aiden
took the coil
someone came in it turned out to be
another neighbor
he picked up the hammer fought him and
escaped after that
aiden went home and checked his
belongings he discovered there were two
rapes
so
house aidan was about to go back but his
backpack was still in the living room
he bravely stepped out and met an old
man holding the weapon
aiden hastened to explain that he had
not been infected the old man was not
wary anymore the
old man said he was here a few weeks ago
the owner of the house committed suicide
so he stayed here
he asked aiden if he had any friends
aidan didn't mention eva
the old man was very generous he told
aidan to get some more food
but while he was taking the food the old
man knocked him out
when aiden awoke he was beside a zombie
his limb tightly bound
it turned out the old man was forcing
the living man to feed his infected wife
while desperate there was eva's voice on
the radio for the old man not to find
out about eva
aiden struggled to escape the old man
burst in
ayden pushed him onto the bed he and his
wife were reunited
through the radio eva said the zombies
attacked her home aiden said he would
definitely save her
after that he rushed out the door on the
way he luckily escaped the zombies and
returned home
at this time eva had no place to hide
sat alone in the corner of the balcony
aidan swung down by the bed sheet as
soon as he got down
a bunch of zombies rushed in he then
picked up his weapon and fought
eva threw down the bed sheet to him but
the zombies climbed up as well
aiden rushed to the lower balcony and
cut off the bed sheet
he encouraged eva to jump down but now
eva had no way to retreat
with iden's help eva got out of danger
finally
they met each other after hugging
tightly they would face the danger
together
he opened the door attacked and then ran
into the stairs
but as soon as he opened the door a
zombie rushed in and aiden could not
dodge and fell down with the other
the zombie attacked him but eva rescued
him in time
after rescuing aidan they continued to
run because of the many zombies
it was very difficult to get out and run
towards iden's house
eva just opened the door when something
happened aidan was knocked to the ground
by a zombie
and outside there was a sound of biting
eva sat down in horror
aidan came in there was a lot of blood
on his shirt
he told her to keep their distance he
climbed onto the balcony and undressed
if there was a bite on his body let's
push him down
fortunately aidan was fine the blood on
the shirt was the zombie's blood
two people had the motivation to live
again they quickly blocked the door with
the refrigerator
the apocalypse continued but they would
fight together